um I would definitely meant go out to say that on my first ship. Um, we
were definitely were about thio leave port for patrol. And I was having
issue personnel issues and I was trying Thio doing my best. Thio,
get my personnel ready for the patrol. But they're waas Some of
our equipment was down on the pier, and at that moment, you know, my
department here was headed down toe I work center Thio express his
displeasure with parts of being on the pier and how we should redirect
our efforts to get those parts often appear before we left for the
patrol with the next day. And, uh, that was just one situation and
where my priorities and my divisions priorities have to take a back
seat way had to satisfy the needs of my superior in order to move on